tikv: add the user's guide of stale read and safe ts (#14524)
pingcap/docs: tikv-control.md

- `--log` (optional): If specified, TiKV logs the smallest `start_ts` of locks in the Region's resolver in this TiKV at `INFO` level. This option helps you identify locks that might block resolved-ts in advance.

- `--min-start-ts` (optional): If specified, TiKV filters out locks with smaller `start_ts` than this value in logs. You can use this to specify a transaction of interest for logging. It defaults to `0`, which means no filter.

The following is an example:

```
./tikv-ctl --host 127.0.0.1:20160 get-region-read-progress -r 14 --log --min-start-ts 0
```

The output is as follows:

```
Region read progress:
    exist: true,
    safe_ts: 0,
    applied_index: 92,
    pending front item (oldest) ts: 0,
    pending front item (oldest) applied index: 0,
    pending back item (latest) ts: 0,
    pending back item (latest) applied index: 0,
    paused: false,
Resolver:
    exist: true,
    resolved_ts: 0,
    tracked index: 92,
    number of locks: 0,
    number of transactions: 0,
    stopped: false,
```

> The subcommand is useful in diagnosing issues related to Stale Read and safe-ts. For details, see [Understanding Stale Read and safe-ts in TiKV](/stale_read_user_guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subcommand is useful in diagnosing issues related to Stale Read and safe-ts. For details, see [Understanding Stale Read and safe-ts in TiKV](/troubleshoot-stale-read.md).
```
